Hey guys in this lesson we'll talk about the two basic files for creating a word breasting index that
BGB and style that says in today's lesson.
Finally you're going to start creating things in the next two lessons.
You'll be able to create YOUR FIRST THING EVER.
Just imagine that you will be able to access the Wordpress dashboard see your thing there and activate
it.
That sounds great doesn't it.
So let's get started.
The first thing you're going to do is create the folder structure of the thing.
As you know my wordpress is installed in the WB folder and inside of folders we have WB content and
then the things folder which is where all of the things must be created.
So inside this folder I want to create a new one and I will name it.
Learn W.P.
inside this new folder.
I want to create the two files that are very important to the theme.
First we have index dot DHB
and then style that CSSA.
Another thing I already told you is that we have to identify this thing within the Wordpress admin area.
So if we jump into the dashboard and head over to the opinions menu things you see all the things that
we have already installed in wordpress.
We have the Wordpress native themes here and also our learned WP.
Notice that this new thing was included in the list based on the folder we just created but there is
nothing that can be used to recognize this particular theme.
Unlike the other things that are easily identifiable to solve this problem we have to create an image
file and it must be called screenshot.
OK.
And the extension turn should be the entry to start with.
I have already created screenshot that Binjie for you k which is the same file that I will make available
for you to download with the course.
But anyway its not that difficult to create that file with any image editing software or even a free
one.
You can easily create it but it should be asking yourself Is there any room to be followed if you want
to create a file.
Well first the file must have the DNG extension and Marcello.
Can you use daypack instead.
Yes you can but it's not recommended by WordPress itself.
If you read their documentation you'll see that the guys only recommend a file with the DNJ extension
so what can you do.
And Marcello what can you say about the dimensions of that file.
It's twelve hundred by 900 pixels despite the fact that the image was shown with that they mention in
the admin area only in certain situations.
So the recommendation is to have an image with trail hundred by nine hundred pixels OK.
Plus go ahead and grab a file copier.
And base it inside the Sims folder.
Now if everything works out when we refresh the Wordpress admin you see the found no other thing represented
by the screenshot that Binjie file
get a grade it's working.
Now when we click here to see more information about thing you see the image in a much larger size.
But soon you realize that there is no additional information about this thing.
We only have the folder name here.
There is no version information nor do we have the author's name.
So how do we make this information available in the same way we have for for example the native WordPress
themes say if you choose one of the native themes we have several additional information about it.
But it's the kind of magic that makes this happen well well snow magic and all this information will
have to be created in our style that says file that simple for this to work you'll be simply using a
common schema and those who already know the minimal about C Ss also know that the commenting success
is reading like this.
At the beginning.
We have a forward slash and asterisk and at the end of the comment block again an asterisk and another
for Slash.
This is how we create a comment which has more than one line in a success file.
Anything right here within the space will at first be ignored but not for press.
WordPress will use this area to recognize many informations related to the theme such as the things
name the things author description etc..
The first thing you're going to type in here is the most basic information of all.
What is our things name.
So let's dive in here.
Thing name and the name of our thing will be learned learn WP You can choose of course whatever name
you want.
You can also type in here.
The things web page and this information will then appear as a link for us in the last word.
So let's go ahead and type in thing you or I
and what else.
The author's name Arthur
may also have a link to the author's page author.
You are right and that may be the same information used for the theme you try and what else.
The description for the theme description
OK.
Now I want to save this file and let's see what we have in the admin area.
Again as we have already the thing's name here.
Go ahead and click here to see more information about it.
Look the name of the theme again.
We don't have the version yet but in the next lesson we will take care of it.
We got the author's name and if I mouseover this link you'll see the URL to the author goes in it.
OK now let's take a short break.
In this video and when we come back in the next lesson I'll show you how to activate the theme using
the size sheet.
We are just creating.
Until then and happy going.